feat: add support for keyboard initialized menu popup (#38903)
electron/electron: docs/api/menu.md

  * `positioningItem` number (optional) _macOS_ - The index of the menu item to
    be positioned under the mouse cursor at the specified coordinates. Default
    is -1.
  * `sourceType` string (optional) _Windows_ _Linux_ - This should map to the `menuSourceType`

>     provided by the `context-menu` event. It is not reccomended to set this value manually,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    provided by the `context-menu` event. It is not recommended to set this value manually,
```

>   * `initiatedByKeyboard` boolean (optional) _Windows_ _Linux_ - Whether the menu popup
>     was triggered by keyboard actions.  This will cause certain focus behaviors to change
>     so that the first item in the menu is focused when the menu opens which is beneficial
>     for keyboard accessibility.

Reviewer 2: docs: I didn't really like the "certain focus behaviors" wording so here's an attempt at being more precise.

```suggestion
  * `initiatedByKeyboard` boolean (optional) _Windows_ _Linux_ - Whether the menu popup
    was triggered by a keyboard action. If true, the first top-level item in the menu
    will be focused when the menu is opened. This behavior can assist in keyboard
    accessibility.
```

Reviewer 2: api: Do we want to make this API something like `focusFirstItem` instead?

It seems a bit counter-intuitive that "Initiated By Keyboard" is exposed as an API option for the developer to wire up in their JavaScript code rather than something that's auto-detected.

Also, do we ever foresee using any of the other [MenuSourceType](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:ui/base/ui_base_types.h;bpv=1;bpt=1;l=133?q=MENU_SOURCE_KEYBOARD&ss=chromium&gsn=MenuSourceType&gs=KYTHE%3A%2F%2Fkythe%3A%2F%2Fchromium.googlesource.com%2Fcodesearch%2Fchromium%2Fsrc%2F%2Fmain%3Flang%3Dc%252B%252B%3Fpath%3Dui%2Fbase%2Fui_base_types.h%23MenuSourceType%253Aui%2523n%2523TX9FKDk8TS) options available?

Author: `focusFirstItem` isn't the _only_ effect this has hence the matching of the "keyboard" name

Author: > Also, do we ever foresee using any of the other [MenuSourceType](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:ui/base/ui_base_types.h;bpv=1;bpt=1;l=133?q=MENU_SOURCE_KEYBOARD&ss=chromium&gsn=MenuSourceType&gs=KYTHE%3A%2F%2Fkythe%3A%2F%2Fchromium.googlesource.com%2Fcodesearch%2Fchromium%2Fsrc%2F%2Fmain%3Flang%3Dc%252B%252B%3Fpath%3Dui%2Fbase%2Fui_base_types.h%23MenuSourceType%253Aui%2523n%2523TX9FKDk8TS) options available?

Lots of these are legacy / not used anymore so no not really
